Update README.md (#341)
fishtown-analytics/dbt-utils: README.md

### Dispatch macros

> **Note:** This is primarily relevant to users and maintainers of community-supported
> database plugins, or if you want to override a default function. If you use Postgres,
> Redshift, Snowflake, or Bigquery, this likely does not apply to you.

Reviewer: Good call. Here's wording I might use to make the target audience really clear:
```suggestion
**Note:** This is primarily relevant to:

- Users and maintainers of community-supported [adapter plugins](https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/available-adapters)
- Users who wish to override a low-lying `dbt_utils` macro with a custom implementation, and have that implementation used by other `dbt_utils` macros

If you use Postgres, Redshift, Snowflake, or Bigquery, this likely does not apply to you.
```

`dbt_utils` macro, it will search through your listed packages _before_ using
the implementations defined in `dbt_utils`.

> Set the property `var` in `dbt_project.yml`:

Reviewer: You're right to specify that this should be in `dbt_project.yml`. I'd rather refer to this as a "variable" vs. a "property," since [the latter word](https://docs.getdbt.com/reference/declaring-properties) has a different contextual meaning.
```suggestion
Set a variable in your `dbt_project.yml`:
```

```yml
vars:
  dbt_utils_dispatch_list:

>     - my_analytics_proj          # likely the name of your root project (only the root folder)

Reviewer: Could we keep this as `first_package_to_search`, for the sake of the example further down? I think it's fair to clarify that this is the `name:` property from `dbt_project.yml` of your root project.
